# Air-Quality-Prediction-
Generally, Air pollution refers to the release of pollutants into the air that are detrimental  to human health and the planet as a whole. It can be described as one of the most  dangerous threats that the humanity ever faced. It causes damage to animals, crops,  forests etc. To prevent this problem in transport sectors have to predict air quality from  pollutants using machine learning techniques. Hence, air quality evaluation and prediction  has become an important research area. The aim is to investigate machine learning  based techniques for air quality forecasting by prediction results in best accuracy. The  analysis of dataset by supervised machine learning technique(SMLT) to capture several  information’s like, variable identification, uni-variate analysis, bi-variate and multi-variate  analysis, missing value treatments and analyse the data validation, data  cleaning/preparing and data visualization will be done on the entire given dataset. Our  analysis provides a comprehensive guide to sensitivity analysis of model parameters with  regard to performance in prediction of air quality pollution by accuracy calculation. To  propose a machine learning-based method to accurately predict the Air Quality Index  value by prediction results in the form of best accuracy from comparing supervise  classification machine learning algorithms. Additionally, to compare and discuss the  performance of various machine learning algorithms from the given transport traffic  department dataset with evaluation of GUI based user interface air quality prediction by  attributes.
